new guide up (#343)
OctoMind-dev/mintlify-docs: guides/long-vs-short.mdx

This creates several issues:

1. **Maintenance headaches:** A small change to your login flow or navigation impacts multiple test cases. Suddenly, updating one test snowballs into a bigger task.
2. **Clarity challenges:** Over time, it becomes harder to understand what each test is doing or how much of your app is actually covered.
3. **Test runtime:** When you execute your test suite, you'll run the same test code several times, which might bloat the execution time.

In traditional coding, when using frameworks like Playwright, you'd avoid this kind of duplication by structuring your tests into **modular units** - small, reusable components you can chain together using dependencies.

Why not adopt the same principle in Octomind tests?

## Benefits of chaining short tests together

Octomind is designed with short test cases in mind, and here's why they work so well:

1. **Reusability thanks to chaining:**
   With Octomind, you can chain test cases together using dependencies. This allows you to reuse prior test cases with just one click. Instead of duplicating steps like login or navigation, you build on existing tests seamlessly.
2. **Clear overview of test dependencies:**

>    Our dependency view gives you a visual representation of your test suite. Each short test case contributes to a larger coverage tree, making it easy to see which parts of your app are tested—or what still needs attention.

Reviewer: this sounds like `coverage tree` is a thing (either a feature of us or in general -but both not really true I guess)

>    Our dependency view gives you a visual representation of your test suite. Each short test case contributes to a larger coverage tree, making it easy to see which parts of your app are tested—or what still needs attention.

Author: ```suggestion
   Our `dependency view` gives you a visual representation of your test suite. Short test cases and their chaining is clearly displayed, making it easy to see which parts of your app are tested or what still needs your attention.
```

<Frame caption="Dependency view displaying the dependency tree of chain tests, screenshot 12/2024">
  <img
    src="/images/guides/dependency-tree.png"
    alt="dependency view displaying the dependency tree of chain tests"
  />
</Frame>

3. **Effortless coverage expansion:**
   You can have the Octomind **AI Agent** propose new tests at the end of an existing one. Every test case ends with the option to “generate more”. This lets you create new tests starting from the last step of an existing one, expanding your coverage naturally and without redundant effort.

<Frame caption="Have the AI agent generate more tests, 10/2024">
  <img
    src="/images/expand/generate-more.png"
    alt="have AI generate more tests"
  />
</Frame>

4. **Simple test maintenance:**
   Short tests are easier to maintain:
   - Manual updates are quick and contained.

>    - Changes in one test case don't ripple unnecessarily into others.

Reviewer: I don't really get this point, why would longer test cases lead to this? It's more like change in one _flow_ in your app don't ripple into MULTIPLE test cases, right?

>    - Changes in one test case don't ripple unnecessarily into others.

Author: ```suggestion
   - Changes in one flow in your app don't ripple into multiple test cases.
```
